Git basic notes:

Git converts info into a SHA1 hash.
The has will represent the information.

Git can have commits, blobs and trees. 

Blobs are the main data which the user has added, 
	This can include code, documentation, etc

Tree are a middleground connecting data. 

	Contain same information as commits,
 		Commit hash,
		Author name, Author email (whoever created the commit)
		Date of the commit
		Commit message
		
	Work similar to directories/file folders
	Have same info as a commit. 



Commits are a hash which shows the info which is was active when it was made
	A subtype of tree. 
	Commits can contain parents to previous commits.
	Parent commits/hashes will contain another commit which has additional info.
	Info which is unchanged will be copied from parent.
	

If there are previous commits it will also contain a parent tree:

Parent trees will indicate additional data which the next data contains. 
	Parent directories work in a similar way and same principle 
	Where the date is currently saved.

Branches are commit with where the history/parent tree are different.
	Branches can be merged to combine two different histories  

eg: main -> secondCommit -> extraCommit -> preMerge \
	\					     >	Post Merge, contains two parent trees. 
	 >branch->someInfo->something->beforeMerge  /

	These branches will have different histories and the merge will have two different parents trees
	
	The main branch will have secondCommit, extra commit and preMerge before being combined
	Meanwhile Branch will have someInfo, something and beforeMerge.
	
	These branches will have seperate histories and these histories will combine during the merge.
	The merge will have two parents which are the latest commits of each branch

	Merges have to have the same base/start at a certain point to allow for a merge. 
	If there are too many differences in the history between the branches the merge will fail. 
	

Merges are best used to allow for clear history to be displayed in logs and history




Rebases are possble, however if repository is shared avoid it at  all cost

Rebase changes where the history starts and will change the divergin paths to be a new base.

eg: 	main -> change->commit
     	\
    	 >Branch ->news->infoB

	If Branch is rebased into main it will change the history into
	
	main -> change-> commit -> Branch ->news -> infoB

	The history is changed and will not show how the actual divergence worked. 

	This can be best used when a branch is made for testing solutions or quick bursts.
	If the repository is shared or synced (eg github) DO NOT USE REBASES


git can be used to syncronize with other respositories.
Adding a remote repository allow different people to work on the same project.
to allow for the same history and thereby allow syncing without causing issues. 



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

git can be used to syncronice different repositories. 
Different repositories will be only local until it is actively syncronized. 

firstly one or multible remote repository has to be added. 
The remote repositories will contain a url and a fetch.
fetch is a refernce to the which branches will be syncronized between 

multible remotes can be specified
	best practice is to use origin for the main one.


